Update advanced-feature-guide-fallingblocks.md (#306)
CatalysmsServerManager/docs: docs/en/CSMM/advanced-feature-guide-fallingblocks.md

Naturally we will do this with a logLine hook, and we can use a simple search string `falling blocks prevented!` as our trigger. We need to add a couple of custom variables to this hook, but before we can do that we must save the hook. To do so, we first have to put a command in, as the hook cannot save with a blank command. For now, just enter `wait(1)` into the command field.

Save the hook.

Now that the hook is saved, we can edit it and create our variables. To create the variables, click the Edit button on the hook and look for the section "**Custom variables**". Our variables will be the X and Z coordinates (as we are not interested in checking altitude - the Y coordinate).

> For our first variable, enter the name `xcoord`. use the following regex:

Reviewer: Isn't it good that the regex gets explained a bit? I feel like this change will just delete information from the docs

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is supposed to be an example for people to learn the whole process, not a script for people to add the hook without understanding what they actually did.

If the regex explanation is confusing at this point, perhaps it could be moved to a note after the regex?

Author: maybe add it back but make it clearer what it means because I have no idea

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our first variable, enter the name `xcoord`. For this we need to identify the first 1 to 4 digit number following the @ in the log line, using the following regex:
```

```
(?<=falling blocks prevented! @ )(-?\d{1,4})
```

> Save this variable, and then enter the name `zcoord`. use the following regex:

Reviewer: Same as above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save this variable, and then enter the name `zcoord`. This time, we want to identify the 1 to 4 digit number after the other coordinates, which are separated by commas:
```

    {{/if}}
{{/each}}
```
::: warning
Be aware that this command should completely replace our temporary `wait(1)` that we entered to begin with.
:::

## The discord notification for admins

Finally we will set up a Custom Discord notification to alert admins about the activity.

For the purpose of this example, our #alerts channel ID is 718425258742527034 and the role we want to alert (@admins) has the ID <@&710992520425246426>. For your discord server these will be different.

The `sendDiscord()` function takes two arguments, a destination channel and a message. The message can include any variables, and we can include Discord IDs to mention roles or users. To let the admins know about the drop mining detection, this hook's command will be:

```
 sendDiscord(718425258742527034,"<@&710992520425246426> {{{this.name}}} has been detected drop mining at {{{this.positionX}}}, {{{this.positionZ}}}. Please investigate.")

```
 
You can then add aditional commands afer the discord message has been sent such as
```

> ;kick  {{this.steamId}}  "You have been detected drop mining"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kick  {{this.steamId}}  "You have been detected drop mining"
```

{{/each}}
```

> NOTE: Be aware that this command should completely replace our temporary `wait(1)` that we entered to begin with.

Reviewer: Maybe this could use the styling from the warning box? 
https://docs.csmm.app/en/contributing.html#tips-warnings-and-danger-messages

> NOTE: Be aware that this command should completely replace our temporary `wait(1)` that we entered to begin with.

Author: ::: warning
Be aware that this command should completely replace our temporary `wait(1)` that we entered to begin with.
:::

## The discord notification for admins

Finally we will set up a Custom Discord notification to alert admins about the activity.

For the purpose of this example, our #alerts channel ID is 718425258742527034 and the role we want to alert (@admins) has the ID <@&710992520425246426>. For your discord server these will be different.

> The `sendDiscord()` function takes two arguments, a destination channel and a message. The message can include any variables, and we can include discord IDs to mention roles or users. To let the admins know about the drop mining detection, this hook's command will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sendDiscord()` function takes two arguments, a destination channel and a message. The message can include any variables, and we can include Discord IDs to mention roles or users. To let the admins know about the drop mining detection, this hook's command will be:
```
